warthogs though the midday rest have
been interrupted the versatile mongooses
make the most of their uninvited guests
the younger animals in the gang are wary
but the more experienced members see
another opportunity for an easy meal as
the warthogs settle to doze the
mongooses move in to feast the hundreds
of ticks and other parasites which
infest the warthogs hide our protein
filled snacks for the gang members and
the delousing service provided by the
mongooses is received in obvious comfort
it's a case of you scratch my back and
I'll give you lunch
such peaceful moments are rare in mangu
society and are all too brief